# snowflake
generate random images.

Sample images: https://imgur.com/a/7b1nj

Call the program with "./snowflake.py" to generate a random image or add arguments to customise the image.

./snowflake.py 12 12 12 10 1 1 False 1980 1080

args: (must add all)

1:first rgb addition.  (0 = random)

2:second rgb addition. (0 = random)

3:third rgb addition.  (0 = random)

4:Pixel size.          (min 5)

5:addition curve       (0=off)

6:image blend.         (0=off)

7:image width          (4k max)

8:image height         (4k max)

Args explanation:


1-3: These are the rgb additions. if you entered (1, 1 ,1) as your 3 args. The rgb value of each pixel will increase by one. EG:

pixel 1: (1, 1 ,1)

pixel 2: (2, 2, 2)

pixel 3: (3, 3 ,3)

see these pixel color values here: https://www.w3schools.com/colors/colors_rgb.asp


4: This is the pixel size squared. 

5: This slightly randomises the addition and adds interesting patterns to the image. 
Can make image look messy if too high.
Notice the wavey texture in this image: https://imgur.com/Bi1pxzv 

6: This layers images together. Instead of generating one rgb value for the whole image, every second pixel has its own addition numbers and rgb value. 
There is no limit to the number of images you can blend. It may look messy after 2 images. 
Cant customise the additional images yet :(

7+8: Image size. 



Explanation mentioned on forum:

The images are generated by changing the next pixels rgb value(255, 255, 255).

For example:

The first pixels rgb value is (10, 10, 10).

The 3 random numbers that alter the image are generated. 10, 20 ,30 (arg1, arg2, arg3)

After the image has placed the first pixel, it will change the rgb value of the next pixel to (20, 30, 40) by adding the predefined random numbers.

It generates the image in pixels(2x2 to 50x50) from top left (0.0) to bottom right.

When the pixel hits the edge of the screen. It moves down to the next line and continues until it hits the bottom of the screen.

As it's made in pygame. I simply get it to take screen shots of the window and save them as images with a text file that can be used to reload the image in the program. The problem with pygames image saver is it can produce some low quality images.
